docs(avatar): add README (#4461)
Automattic/newspack-plugin: src/blocks/avatar/README.md

# Avatar Block

> A Gutenberg block that displays author avatar images with support for multiple authorship systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Gutenberg block that displays author avatars with support for multiple authorship systems.
```

I think this might be redundant, but I also think my opinion might be subjective so feel free to take or leave it! 😆

Author: Fixed in [8cfac67](https://github.com/Automattic/newspack-plugin/pull/4461/commits/8cfac6737a0350948f661fe8181f9d93e47ccfec).

## Overview

> The Avatar block renders circular author profile pictures for the current post. It automatically detects the authorship system in use and displays the appropriate avatar(s). When multiple authors are present, each author gets their own avatar image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Avatar block renders circular author profile pictures for the current post. It automatically detects the authorship system in use and displays the appropriate avatar(s). When multiple authors are present, each author gets their own avatar.
```
Similar to above; if the first one is ignored, ignore this one, too!

Author: Fixed in [8cfac67](https://github.com/Automattic/newspack-plugin/pull/4461/commits/8cfac6737a0350948f661fe8181f9d93e47ccfec).

## Editor behavior

The editor uses two hooks to resolve avatar data:

- [usePostAuthors](./hooks.js) resolves the list of authors following the same priority as the PHP `get_avatar_authors()` method. Each author object includes an `avatarSrc` URL ready for rendering.

- [useUserAvatar](./hooks.js) provides the single WordPress post author avatar as a fallback when `usePostAuthors` returns an empty list.

For guest author avatars, the [useCoAuthors](../../shared/hooks/use-coauthors.js) hook fetches avatar URLs from the CAP REST endpoint (`/coauthors/v1/coauthors/{user_nicename}`). This is necessary because CAP's JS store strips avatar data. Results are cached at the module level by nicename, so adding a guest author displays their avatar immediately without requiring a post save.

In a Query Loop context, the block reads author data from the `newspack_author_info` REST field and extracts the author slug from `author_link` to fetch avatars from the same CAP endpoint.

## Availability

This block is only available in block themes. It replaces the core Avatar block in Newspack Block Theme patterns.

> ## Usage with block theme patterns

Reviewer: Not something we need to resolve right now but something to think about: I wonder if we should move this specific detail to somewhere central to both the block theme and the plugin (like strictly in the help docs)? I think it's helpful to have documented, but I wonder how hard it will be to keep these up to date as more patterns are added to the theme?

Author: Yeah, this is related to our conversation in NPPD-1176. We can revisit once the centralized docs take shape!
